Port kafka consumer release metadata for RC4 (#12114)
DataDog/integrations-core: kafka_consumer/CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG - kafka_consumer

## 2.15.1 / 2022-05-31

> * [Fixed] Don't fail reading and writing to cache when file is too long. See [#12109](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/12109).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Fixed] Does not fail reading and writing to cache when file is too long. See [#12109](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/12109).
```
